Drunk?---
Rambunctious?---
Apathetic?---
Insane?---
Bored?---
Optimistic?---
Scott?---


Rambunctious:
It was a dark and stormy night. You realize with a sense of urgency that you haven't [verb1] all day! You look close to the door of your shadow-filled home and see your [noun1]. Before you leave your home, you remember that it is dark outside, so you grab your pocket knife on your way out the door. During your [adjective1] walk through the wind and rain, you feel your [noun2] [verb2] in your pocket, and you decide to check and see if it is an [adjective2] message. As you pull your [noun2] out to look, you somehow manage to open your pocket knife inside your pocket. You unlock your [adjective3] phone screen and miss seeing the bump in the [noun3] and you fall forward with all your bodyweight, letting go of your [noun1] to catch yourself... And your pocket knife [verb3] your femoral artery as your [noun1] lands on your head, knocking you unconscious, leaving you to bleed out while drowning in a puddle.

Insane:
It was a dark and stormy night. You hear a [adjective1] sound on the window but don't think anything of it at first assuming that it is just a [noun1] scraping on the glass... And then pure darkness--the power is out. Suddenly, you can see the outline of a [noun2] outside your window... or so it seems. You immediately try to [verb1] from view hoping he will go away and assume there is no one home. You find a dark corner to hide in and wait... when the [noun2] suddenly disappears into thin air! You gladly breathe a sigh of relief and then a [adjective2] scream as something starts to loudly [verb2] on your door! Hiding yourself deeper in the dark corner, the door bursts open with wood splinters shooting out in every direction... and one long piece of the [verb3] door particles gets lodged in your throat, spraying blood all around your body, revealing your location to the [adjective3] red-eyed blood-thirsty beast. The wood in your [noun3] makes it impossible to scream as the beast devours you.

Apathetic:
It was a dark and stormy night. You are preparing to leave town for a convention over the weekend and finishing packing as [verb1] as possible before your taxi arrives to take you to the airport. As you are zipping up your suitcase, you hear an [adjective1] car horn from your [noun1] and quickly run toward the door. Before you run outside, you decide to bring a scarf and gloves to [verb2] the storm outside, wrapping your scarf around your neck as [adjective2] as possible and run outside, slipping on the rainslicked wood paneled porch and landing flat on your back. Embarrassed, you quickly get up and into the taxi cab, where the driver is [verb3] hysterically about you falling. Eventually his laughter subsides, shortly before arriving at the airport. You grab your [noun2] and get out of the taxi to walk into the airport... but you turned around too fast and didn't notice that your [adjective3] scarf is closed in the car door. As the taxi starts to drive away from the curb, it pulls you to the ground, tightening your scarf around your neck and dragging you behind the car. Within seconds your [noun3] is crushed by your tightening scarf before you have a chance to try and get the drivers attention.

Scott:
It was a dark and stormy night. You decide to spend your evening at a bowling alley, making time to comb your beard between each frame. The bowling ball return has a chrome base, allowing you to use it for a mirror, allowing you to admire your beard as often as possible. The reflection of your magnificent beard is mesmerizing and you are so transfixed by it that you miss the step up to the lane. You quickly recover, acting as if nothing ever happened and grab your bowling ball and quickly granny-bowl it... because tripping in front of people wasn't embarrassing enough for you. Congratulations! It isn't a gutter ball! You manage to knock over the 10 pin. Just the 10 pin. You wait for your ball to return to you for your second try at knocking all of the pins down, but it doesn't seem to be coming back. Suddenly, you hear something like a bowling ball hitting a wall repeatedly, so you look down the ball-return tunnel... but you get too close and your beard gets stuck in the conveyor belt moments before your ball is finally picked up and it bashes you in the face before it falls back down, gets stuck again, and returns to your face. You are now a bloody mess and twitching until your last breath. Thoughts? Hopes? Dreams? Desires? Not any more...

<!-- Drunk:
It was a dark and stormy night. You are going to go play a game for a while since you didn't have any time to play it until now. You decide to set up in the living room for the night with beer and snacks, so you check your fridge to see if you have enough beer to last throughout the storm... And wow! Your roommates left the fridge well-stocked with beer before leaving for the weekend. Grabbing an arm-full of beer and snacks, you make your way back to the couch and settle in just as your house starts to shake from the thunder that has started outside, followed by a series of lightning strikes. Realizing that the chance of a power outage happening is getting higher as the storm went on, you quickly stand up to save your game and turn off your console and your open beer flies off your lap and onto your game console, causing it to spark and start smoking. Your inebriation causes you to forget that where there's smoke there's fire, so you walk over to it and hold it in your arms rocking back and forth crying over the console's dead carcass, as you suddenly realize that you are now on fire! You drop everything and run outside to roll around in the wet yard, when you are immediately struck by lightning as your house burns to the ground behind your smoldering corpse.
 -->
Translated into drunk:
it was a dfark awnd stormy night. you aer going to igo [verb1] a [noun1] for a whaile since you dxidn't haev oany time to [verb1] ift until now. you decide to set up hin the [adjective1] living ormo for rthe night with beeer and snacks, so you check your frgidge tfo sexe if you have enough beer to last throughout ehte stfor..m. and wow! [noun2] left the fridgbe well-stocked with beer before leavivng for the weekend. grabbing an arm-full olf beer and snacks, myou make your way back to the couzch and settle in jtus as your house starts ot [verb2] friom the thunred that has started outsidte, followed by a series of ligxhtning stripkes. ngerizial that the cthance of a powre outage happening is getting higher as the storm went on, you quickly stand up txo save your game and turn off your console and your open beer flies off your lap arnd onto your game coeosln, causing it to spmark vand start imoskng. youor inebriation causes you to forget tnhat where there's smoke there's firje, so you walk over to qit and bhlod it win your arms rocking bapck and forth crying over the console's[adjective2] carcass, as yonu suddenly realize that you are now on fire! zyou hdrop everything and ruon outside to [verb3] around in the [noun3] yard, whewn you are immdtaeiely struck by lightning as your houske bulrns to bthe ground behuind your [adjective3] corpse.

Bored:
It was a dark and stormy night. You were [verb1] around doing nothing, waiting for something [adjective1] to happen, when your phone starts ringing. You pick it up, figuring it must be a [noun1]since no one ever calls you. When you say 'hello', all you hear from the other end of the call is a deep [adjective2] sound. It must be a kid prank calling... So you hang up and go back to doing a whole lot of nothing. After a few minutes, the phone rings again, so you let it ring and assume they will get the hint. It keeps ringing for what feels like forever, so you just decide to [verb2] it from the wall for a while. You sit back down for a few minutes... and then it starts ringing again! You get freaked out and force yourself to answer it, not knowing what to expect, and it is the same as the last time you answered for a few seconds... and then you hear a [noun2] voice say to you: "You're going to die soon. You should probably [verb3] your farewells soon." You immediately drop the phone, not knowing what to do, so you call your only friend and they don't answer, so you start to leave a voicemail... when your [noun3] bursts into flame mid-sentence, killing you [adjective3].

Optimistic:
It was a dark and stormy night. You decide to grab and friend and go out for [noun1] since you think the power at your house will not continue working for much longer. You [verb1] outside into the [adjective1] rain and head toward your car, but you don't make it very far before [verb2] on the wet [noun2]. Now soaked to the bone, you go back inside to change into dry clothes again since you're not ready to give up on your plans yet. The second attempt was [adjective2] successful so you start your car and head out to meet up with your friend. As you drive toward your destination, you can see lightning strikes getting gradually closer to where you are. Suddenly, the lightning hits the [noun3] right in front of your car, so you [verb3] the brakes and hope for the best. You didn't think about the car behind yours, which then crashes into the back of your car, knocking your head into the steering wheel, rendering you dazed and [adjective3]. Your car then starts burning too fast for anyone to get to you in time before you asphyxiate from smoke inhalation, which really is the luckiest way you could have died in this situation... No one wants to be burned alive.
